start 5.4.1 changelog (#807)
gravwell/wiki: changelog/5.4.1.md

# Changelog for version 5.4.1

## Released 12 October 2023

## New Additions

* Added the ability to enable/disable Alerts.
* Added empty array index syntax to the `json` module.

## Web UI Changes

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed an issue with poor performance for large entries in Query Studio.
* Fixed an issue where the Library and History in the Query Studio side menu would not populate the query bar.
* Fixed an issue where an Extractor with empty parameters could not be edited.
* Fixed an issue where Schedule Searches would prompt for unsaved changes when no change had been made.
* Fixed an issue where Templates would not prompt for unsaved changes before exiting.
* Fixed an issue that caused the cursor to jump around when editing a variable in a Template query.
* Fixed an issue that allowed assets to be created with a whitespace-only name.
* Fixed an issue that allowed invalid characters to be typed in for Font Size preferences.
* Prevented passwords from being auto-populated on user forms and preferences.

## Backend Changes

### Bug Fixes

> * Fixed an issue with RMP package missing postinstall service restart command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue with some RPM packages missing postinstall service restart command.
```
